[CELEBORN-1116] Read authentication configs from `HADOOP_CONF_DIR` (#2082)
apache/incubator-celeborn: docs/deploy.md

celeborn.worker.flusher.hdfs.buffer.size 4m
celeborn.storage.hdfs.dir hdfs://<namenode>/celeborn
celeborn.worker.replicate.fastFail.duration 240s

> # If you HDFS is enabled with Kerberos. 
> # You will need to set the following configs or use kinit to get valid TGT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Either principal/keytab or valid TGT cache is required to access kerberized HDFS
```
